# MazeGameUI
If you would just like to view how the final product looks like, there is a short video on my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3QGbYwZoiw

I decided to upgrade a MazeGame i wrote in C++ and make a UI for it in Python3. The mistake i made is i just tried to copy the code and modify it so it runs in Python and i could never get it to work so i sat down, dug into the problem again and made a slightly different solution (mainly in way of graph representation). In short, game consists of one Maze in form of a graph. User can add and delete obstacles by clicking on the screen with left and right click of the mouse. User sets starting point and exit, and by clicking on "Solve the maze" button user gets the program to find the shortest path from starting point to exit (if it exists). Green squares show the path, squares for which the minimum distance from start is calculated are colored red, and visited squares are colored yellow (so we can see the difference between two algorithms). In console, there is information about the time it took for algorithm to find the route and the number of iteration needed. User is free to change the terrain and solve the maze as many times as needed and program will come up with a new solution for given task. Program uses Dijstra's and A* algorithm for finding the shortest distance from start to end.
All in all it was fun to visit this problem again and modifying the solution so it better serves its purpose. This experience opened up many roads to me, such as using it to guide a snake in my Snake game, and i cant wait to make more of it.
